BerkeleyHaas

00:00:00 Speaker: Content creation and consumption from building futures in an industry that's so heavily influenced from trends into this new AI era. I will first introduce our panelists. Um, and then we will start the conversation. Today we have, um, Chloe McConnell. She's a fellow student, class of, um, MBA twenty seventeen, who joined Adobe as a summer MBA product marketing intern. Since then, she's she's had quite a journey, and now she's a senior director of product management for Adobe's content creation tool. She drives a dual go to market approach that spans both enterprise and consumer, and is working on building AI driven conversational agents that could redefine enterprise content supply chains and meaningfully reduce creative production costs. Please give Chloe. We also have. Heather Christmann, who is a college undergrad and a Kellogg MBA class of twenty eleven who transitioned from CPG to Google and YouTube, where she now shapes YouTube products and drives creator and viewer success. Her work spans community products and the livestream business, including initiatives like YouTube first gen AI launch. Please give it up for Heather. And then finally, we have Michael Pratt, who's a Haas undergrad alum. He's been at platoon, which is a branch of Apple that empowers artists and creators for almost six years, where he's gone from being like funding founding product manager to head of product. He focuses on automating workflows to empower creators, exploring how AI can amplify rather than replace, human expression. Please give it up for Michael as well. So let's get started with, um, talking about your career journey. Um, Chloe, you join join Adobe as an MBA, um, summer intern after working in the New Yorker. Uh, indeed. The publishing. So what drew you to product management? And how did being in, um, the digital publishing industry and also using Adobe's product shape the way you approach how you build now? Yeah. Well, first of all, thank you so much for bringing us all together on this panel. And this has just been a very well organized, uh, summit today. So just appreciate being part of it. And thank you for having us. And so, as you mentioned, uh, before my MBA, I worked at The New Yorker magazine where my entire job was in Adobe products to get started. So I was in Photoshop, InDesign, illustrator and copy every single day in and out. And then I also transitioned to build our digital tablet and iPad and iPhone apps on a weekly basis. And as part of that, not only was Adobe tools every single day, but I also just got hooked on Create Something, the idea that every single week I was producing a product that was in people's hands, I could ride the subway and see people holding the pages that I helped build, or being on the app that I helped build, and that was frankly, intoxicating. It was like seeing your product out there in the world, and then also being able to get the feedback, look at the data, being able to iterate week over week on what you're building to be able to grow a business. And I just got absolutely hooked on that feeling. And I knew that that's the type of career that I wanted to do. And so that's why I pivoted more from a production. Right. Quit a production role to a product management role where that could truly be my job every day, inside and out was build a product, learn from your customers and then be able to to grow it from there. So that's how that transition happened. And then in terms of it helping me getting the job at Adobe, I'd say there was two key things. First of all, I was a customer. I had so much empathy for what made Adobe awesome, but also what made it really hard. Like every performance issue, if something took five clicks instead of three clicks, that could be the difference between me going home at midnight or me going home at like three in the morning. And so you really get to build what it's like to be a customer, and then being able to go to the company that made those products and make that experience better for others was a was a dream come true. So I felt I brought that customer empathy with me because I was already in their shoes. Thank you for sharing your background. It's an honor to have you here. Um, moving on to Heather. You transitioned from CPG marketing at P&G. Were you even born a CEO award and two products at YouTube. So what was that major shift from brand management to product management. And how did your background influence the way you build YouTube nowadays? Yeah. Thank you. And I want to echo Chloe's comments. We're so happy to be here and chatting with all of you. Um, so when I joined Procter and Gamble, one of the things that you learned from the day, like First Day, is how deeply ingrained they are in consumer insights and really deeply understanding consumers. And it doesn't we don't just make Ty because it's a better detergent. But we had great insights that said that when kids come to school with clean clothes, they're confident enough to raise their hand. And so parents will make a different decision about the tide and detergent they bought. And that's a deep consumer insights that carry so much into the way that we're building products. And so as I was getting ready to leave Cincinnati and do something else and moved to a company that had more velocity and more of a bias to say yes and things like that, I carried that with me so deeply to think about how are we really building products and what is that under, like the real deep rooted consumer insight that we're solving for. And I think that's a theme that you'll hear us talk about when we talk about what creators are thinking about today. Um, so then with that insight and that sort of passion of like, what is it really that users want? When I had the opportunity to join Google at the time, I had the chance to join a very nascent team. Um, we were just a handful of people. We had a slide deck with six slides, a product team, and an engineering team who didn't know anything about the space of brand management, about how to sell a win TV dollars with this really audacious idea that we were going to use insights about what people were doing online and on the internet to help build the foundation that we would go and use to talk to advertisers and say, this is our deep understanding of your consumers. This is what they're doing online. You don't need to go do a focus group. You don't need to go into women's bathrooms and see what makeup they're using. But this is what they're searching for, and we can help you do this to inform the decisions that you're making online. And so I basically took that insight that I have and the knowledge that I had about being in brand Management and parlayed that one step into working at Google and building a tool that we then sold back to brand managers. And so I think that kind of gets to the second part of the question, which is like, how did I then make these steps? And so I'd say the way that I thought about architecting my career is to do one degree of change at a time. Sometimes you might be in a situation where you are so audacious and so incredible, and the hiring winds are in your favor, but sometimes the, you know, the market is tough or you're trying to make a really big change. And so then I think about pivoting once. So I knew brand management, I was changing industries. And then when I was at Google, I knew tech and I was changing to a new card at YouTube. And so my role was similar. And so I switched to a new part of the company. And I think that mental model works really well. And when you're trying to change like three degrees at the same time, it becomes a really hard change. But just think about where do you have expertise? Where do you have a really strong voice and use that to unlock the next door forward. Thanks for sharing that. I think that this is really valuable for us MBA students who are trying to pivot. Um, and yeah, just like leaning into your previous experiences and domains is a good recipe for success. Um, Michael, you took a bolder approach. You called DMA alumni on LinkedIn, um, to break into Apple, and that person now became your boss. And you've been there from starting as a founding PM to head of product in a span of six years. And please share that recipe. We all want to do that. Yeah, definitely. Um, I mean, first and foremost, go bears. Like awesome to be back, uh, back in Berkeley. Um, yeah. When it came to reaching out for the opportunity, I'd always been adjacent or directly in music. So kind of my start was building a product for people with IP in the music space to host what they had and, uh, sell it to potential buyers. And that was great. Like, got it to a point where we were doing about six figures. RR but you know, it wasn't a long term thing by any means. Um, and I ended up going knowing that I wanted to be in music. All of the power was shifting, more so from the record labels to the streaming services. So in my head, Apple was a spot I wanted to be at Spotify, potentially YouTube, all these new players in the space. Um, and I was actively just reaching out, uh, to other Haas alumni. So that was the, the starting point. And this person, uh, Austin Chen, at the time, he had just sold his company, also a Berkeley alone, uh, to Apple and was starting this new team. And I had the chance to come in. And I think with the experience of not only being somebody who actively always makes music on like a weekly basis, but having this knowledge of building for creators in the past, it was kind of a perfect fit for this new thing that we were, uh, trying to get off the ground. And from there, kind of accelerating. From founding PM, I went from founding PM to more of like a senior role and then to, uh, had a product role. Um, and I think somebody on the stage earlier, everyone has their own opinions when it comes to like how you take on more work, but it's something at least that I've found very useful. Um, is this idea of being, like, a disagreeable giver? And I try and be really thoughtful about what I'm saying yes to, and at least having a framework for saying yes to the things that are actually going to move the needle. Because if you're saying yes to everything, only a small percentage of those things are actually going to attribute to reaching the goal that you want Familiar setting out after. Um, but that's that's kind of the the roundabout way of gotten to this position today. Thanks for setting the stage for our conversation today. Um, for our attendees. Don't forget to weigh in your questions using the QR code. Uh, we will get to a Q&A after our panel questions. So, moving into the, um, creator economy, each of you sits at the intersection of, um, creativity, technology, and also community. You build products that empower creators and shape culture. So let's talk about how you stay ahead in that space. Um, in a space that changes faster than almost any other space. Um, so my first question would be, you know, emerging, um, formats and AI are changing, not just what gets created, but also who can create. And, um, you, my, my friends and my fiancee who's here tell me that I'm too active creating content in social media. So how do you see access, representation and creativity evolving over the next years? Yeah, I can give it a go. And then and then we can pass it around. So one of the things that I'm so excited about, Adobe Express is one of our missions, is to democratize creativity, right? Make it possible for absolutely anyone to be able to create content in a really easy way. And pretty conversational era that looks like just making a really easy design tool, right? But even that has its limits in terms of who can access it. I think a good example is I often use my parents for usability testing, right? Like, hey, click through this workflow. Can you get to can you create this flyer? Can you create this video? Can you create this this Instagram post. And but there's always sort of limits. It's hard. Not everyone has the same digital literacy. That's one vector. But there's also vectors around a whole slew of differently abled people in terms of how they can relate with technology and where we're going in terms of conversational design, which is that anyone can type what they want to create and create it. Everyone can speak out loud what they want to be able to create and create it. It just actually delivers on the mission that we've been trying to accomplish for eight years, and it's going to completely change who can create within the next year. It already is changing who can create. So I think that's incredibly exciting. And the fact that this technology is so cheap, it's so easy to access by everyone, um, anyone on the ground want to start a company all the way up to the big enterprises that I work with? It's a it's a very exciting space to be in and to see what people can create now. And if I can take that a bit further from where we sit at YouTube, we had done research and panels with creators a while ago, and the consensus was that it took them about one hour to create one minute of content, which is like a pretty crummy ROI for your time. Depending on how many clicks you get and what kind of attribution you get. And I think it does a lot. And so I think where we're moving towards is this vision where YouTube and so many other tech platforms are accelerating the clunky, laborious, taxing part of creation. Whether it's editing the doubts you have about choosing the right thumbnail, any of that, but still allowing you time and giving you tools to unlock your creativity. And so the vision that we're trying to move towards is, how can we let creators do more of the part of creativity that they love and less of the stuff that drags them down the head? Chloe in the office until midnight. Um, to really accelerate the way that they're working. And so I think that's what we're moving towards. We're hearing like eighty to ninety percent of creators now are using AI in a lot of their content creation, but they have a lot of doubts. And I think we probably see this as users when you're scrolling through TikTok or scrolling through YouTube shorts or whatever, and you get to content, you're just like, man, that is slop. And do you then distrust the creator? Creators don't want their fans to revolt around them. So there's a lot of trepidation with how creators are stepping into this, whether they are actually going to raise their hand and say, I made this with what they are. And label their content correctly. Or if they're not, because they don't want to be caught in this like maelstrom of AI blowback. Yeah. Just, uh, completely agree with with all of those points. Um, and for context, platoon, kind of the thing that I help oversee, um, we are an acquisition into Apple, essentially a record label, but now in the product space, we're building tooling and distribution for artists, DJ's, etc.. And I think exactly what you were saying, kind of the way that we're thinking about AI for these creator types, it boils down to two things like one, is it solving some form of business value or two? Is it solving some form of creative value? And I think the business value is is much more known today. We know we can speed up things quickly, like, um, for example, as an artist, submitting your music to a pro and make sure you're being paid accordingly. That's a really mundane task. That's high effort, but high reward that is easily automatable. Um, on the creative front, though, I think it's like the Wild West and essentially where at least personally, I see things trending. It's the same exact, uh, pattern that has been following across the the past twenty years, really, which is technology is getting better. Things are getting smaller in the music world. You used to have to know somebody who could mix and master on an SSL board. Like the thing you imagine Doctor Dre on, you know, mixing a track. In twenty ten, everybody moved to what's called In the Box and just using music software on their laptop to actually record. And this enabled, like hundreds of thousands of more artists to actually put their music out into the world. And again, like the cream always rises to the top. Um, but it also, it's great to just have more people acting creatively. And I think this is that same pattern with AI just extrapolated to the far extreme. Is that a good thing? Is that a bad thing? TBD we don't know yet, but I think it's just the same exact pattern playing out to its fullest extent. We were talking about this outside of the room. Um, and yeah, this is an industry in which everything is very flashy. Uh, content is the way in which we educate ourselves, and we basically nurture our passions as well. So, um, from the technology standpoint, it is very easy to fall and play the catch up game. So how do you really evaluate which are the new features or experiences that will truly engage your users versus just, uh, going for your friends or competing with whatever's in the market? Yeah, I really resonated with what the go to market panel said where he's like, we don't really know, like what we're building. And some days it feels like that where you're like the roadmap we thought we had in January feels almost irrelevant because things have moved so fast by where we are in November and December. But I actually think that when you step back and if your principles and you have frameworks about what you're really solving for, for me it's like, what is the underlying consumer behavior, user behavior? Then the rest will start to follow. Um, and so for us at YouTube, sort of the shorthand we think is that creators ultimately want fame, fortune or fun. Maybe they want all three of them, but one of those three is the reason that they get up and they spend time and they turn on their camera and they invest all of this energy, and it depends on what they're solving for. And so ultimately, the trade off in time. And if they can't have those, and if they're not finding fame or fortune or fun, they're going to create on another platform. They're going to go back to doing another job. They're going to do something else, like their time is their currency. And so if we're delivering on those. And if we are delivering a product that has utility. So at Google many years ago, we talked about the toothbrush effect. And if you were building something that had a bunch of utility as a toothbrush, are you going to use it every day? That's a product for building. And so if we can find the intersection of those like that's gold right. And so often we look at a lot of the products that are on our roadmap. I'm like, you know, we're reviewing press. We're in design reviews. And I'm like, I don't know about this, but I'm not the user. Like, that's not me. I'm not designing for fame, fortune and fun in some of these. And so when we think about that and we have the intersection of the fame, fortune and fun and the intersection of like, will this have utility that is meaningful and durable than like that to me is sort of the path forward. I love those frameworks. And one thing that you mentioned that really resonated with me is around how difficult it is to plan ahead in this day and age, like it used to be when I was a, you know, entry PM out of Haas, you were expected to build a three to five year roadmap. Like that was kind of your entry into career growth of becoming a senior PM. Becoming a principal PM is that I can I have high confidence of what's going to happen in the next three to five years in the road to get there. If you did that, anyone would look at you and be like, that's BS. Like you don't know what your five year roadmap is going to be at this point. We build, you know, we share out our annual strategy, our annual goals. But even that, it's like we have to be really iterative and we have to be so flexible now with what's happening, with how quickly the technology is evolving. It's faster than some of us even expected it could be at this point inside Adobe, but then also with all the third party models and partners that we're working with, with Google and beyond, and that is really exciting. Um, but to your point, it makes it really hard, right? And that's where frameworks come into play. Exactly. Like you said is what's trendy, what's not going to be relevant in six months and what's really durable. And if you are solving that deep down user problem, it'll be durable. And what you have to always do and what we do is when you're planning, and think about this might solve a problem today, but will this be relevant in six months time? Like, think about how quickly everything's evolving and you're likely gonna leapfrog yourself four times in the next year. Um, so can you skip those two interim steps? It's a lot of what we talk about while we think about, let's skip these interim things and go straight, straight to the next one. And so those are sort of the thought exercises that you have to consistently be doing now. Yeah. Completely agree on the the framework front as well. And I think like just with how fast everything is moving, uh, in the AI space and just tech in general, like it is becoming increasingly important whether you're a startup, whether you're a large company, midsize company, as a product person, to be super, super tight and aligned on, what are your actual core metrics that you're driving towards and like what's actually valuable to the business? Because whether you're building something that's AI related or not? At the end of the day? If it's either bringing in new revenue, making you money, or saving cost, it's probably worth building. Now, is that AI? Is it not TBD? But really it's about getting tight on like, what are the few things that you are tracking against that are going to move the needle forward for the business? Yeah, I definitely resonate with the idea of, um, planning's been not obsolete, but not as useful. And one of my first managers used to say plans don't work, but it's better to have one. Like, that's that's basically how how he said it. Um, just as a rapid fire. Before we move into more specific questions, um, how do you personally stay connected to creators and, um, yeah, stay inspired by that. What are you working in this super large organizations? Yeah, I mean, for myself. Like I literally dog food. The product itself every day. And like from I, I still make music on like a weekly basis. So try and stay very tapped into what's moving the needle for producers or for DJ or an artist, etc.. So like a good example of this is I recently got access to eleven labs whole music product and playing around with some of the the generative music models is really cool. And do I think that will replace artistry or art altogether? No, but again, that's my opinion. But I think it's a great tool to actually super serve the creative process. And I can pop in there texturally query something that I have in my head, get it out there, take the sample, flip it, chop it, actually make it into something new and unique. And that's something that you know, that learning I can take and bring back to the wider user base that we're actually, um, working with. And I think that's like a very important principle. If you are the actual user, at the end of the day, you're going to save yourself so much time in terms of needing to to conduct user interviews, but also you'll just sharpen your intuition in terms of what you're building. Not much more. My approach is a little different, which is I love to hear directly from creators, um, from a diverse group of creators of different sizes and different geographies, um, who are interested in fame, fortune, or fun and just really hear what is both keeping them up at night, as well as what's motivating them and making sure that we don't have like we are in such a bubble here, in such a confirmation bias of Silicon Valley and tech and all of that. So I think actually having the diversity of perspective about who we're building for is really important. Yeah, I feel like you guys just spoke to the core tenets of product management, which are absolutely crucial to be part of every single week, which is speaking to customers at least once a week, multiple times a week if you can. If you can watch them do their workflows without even, you know, guiding them in any way, whether it's with your products, competitor products, or even completely different ways that you expected for them to solve the problems that you're also trying to solve is like core core in building empathy and then working in the tools themselves. Exactly the same thing. One of the things that I've tried to do, especially with AI, is I, I rotate subscriptions, so I try to try it out. It's like, okay, this week I'm going to use ChatGPT. Next week I'm going to go all in on copilot, okay? And then I'm going to go all in on like Gemini workflows. And, and that way you just get a sense of like all the different tools that are out there too, because, you know, your users are going to be using a cross section of all of those tools as well. This one's for Michael, but feel free to chime in. Um, you're focusing on automating workflows to help artists build their careers, right? You worked with Billie Eilish and some other big names. So as a former music producer, where should the AI amplify the artist expression versus where does it risk have them diluting their unique voice? Yeah, I think Heather mentioned this earlier, but the idea of trying to automate a lot of the mundane business tasks is so key, especially in the creator space, because at the end of the day, at least, like our ethos with what we're trying to do is like, let's leverage technology to allow artists to do what they do best, which is make art. So any time spent not making art is a loss. And that's kind of how we try and prioritize what gets built and what those things are that were were automating and AI. And a lot of these, uh, even like setting up these new databases, like switching over to, let's say, a graphdb where you can choose the closest node to provide like an insight is so useful because you're combining all of these different data sets to provide an insight, which then can actually become an action. Um, and I think that's kind of our, our framework and mindset is how do we not only automate those business tasks, but then also take data and insights and make them more actionable as well? Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, Heather, you've worked across several creator facing products like YouTube, um, which I personally love. Now you're doing shorts. You've done community life and creation. So you touched upon, um, working with customers in different geographies. So what have you seen in creators needs in terms of, um, how are they? How are these needs evolving across formats, across geographies in the recent time? Yeah, I think I spoke to some of this earlier on the Fame Fortune Fund. Like at the end of the day, we have to be giving utility to creators the same way. All customers, all companies need to be delivering utility to their customers because they're going to choose another, they're going to choose another app. They're going to spend more time on Kafka. They're going to go use Zora instead. And so I think we really need to be thinking about the value that we're providing. And something that I think that we fall into is a trap, is like product people is to ship more features. But actually there's just there's a learning curve and there's a change. And actually what people might want is like an improved product that solves the need that they were working towards already, as opposed to just churning out so much. And I think right now, like the, the, the pace of change and what we're throwing at creators is so fast and they're like so overwhelmed about how demanding, complex and confusing it is to create in this world of AI compared to what it was before. Um, so there's just there's a lot that we can do to be partners with them. Chloe, you're building this AI agents and conversational tools to, um, engage with enterprises and help them reduce costs, right. So how do you navigate the tension between automate the boring task and also leaving some space for the creativity and the human nature of content creation? Yeah, I think it's a great question. And, Michael, you know, I think the experiences, some similar things there where and all of us actually, we all work at companies where creativity and creators are the core of the users that we're solving, right? And so we're threading a fine needle between automating workflows, making things easier and faster, but ensuring that we're maintaining these industries that have been the core of what have helped our companies develop, but also just the core of creative thinking. And that's what all this sort of amazing art comes out of in the world. And so there's a few ways we think about it. First of all, is sort of building trust with our creator base, but then also with the enterprises that we're working with. And one way that we do that is Adobe is we build sort of commercially safe AI models. And so that means that all of our homegrown AI models are completely trained on stock content from Adobe creators who have been compensated for the models and are compensated for their artwork being trained on. And that's across photography, graphics, illustrations, videography, etc. and so. So what that means is build trust with our community, that if you sell into our stock portfolio, if you use our products and you use our AI products, you're also being compensated for your art helping to train those models. So that's one big piece is building building trust with the core base. But at the same time, that also builds incredible trust with our enterprise partners. That means that when they're buying our our models, they know, you know, they're not going to be able to generate a YouTube logo. They're not going to be able to generate an app like everything is commercially safe, everything you generate, you could put on a billboard tomorrow in Times Square completely indemnified. So certainly that's one big thing, is just thinking about the ethics of how you're using, how you're using these models for innovation and ensuring that there's still bolstering and you're fueling the creative economy. And the creators at the core, sort of sort of while you're doing it. Um, and then the other piece would be actually exactly what Michael sort of spoke to is that automation, creativity aren't actually at odds, like automation can help fuel creativity. And so much of what what creatives want or who we serve with Adobe Express, which is more people who don't feel as creative is, is just to be able to work faster so that they can have fun, as you mentioned too, Heather, so that they can think creatively and have those boring tasks automated. So so one of the big things that we've learned is generation was like really cool and sexy to begin with. Like, hey, I want to generate an image, I want to generate a video that's still very powerful and it will continue to be powerful. But the biggest place where we're, um, hearing good feedback, delivering on ROI is making workflows faster, doing things that used to take an hour now. And would you say like ten, ten minutes? Um, and that that's really where we're, we're seeing traction and then that and then that helps fuel creativity even more. And just if I can build on that a little bit, one of the things that we are thinking about is the notion of creativity and content creation is putting together pieces of a puzzle. And so even though we have tools like you're talking about the way that you and I might approach putting together puzzle pieces is totally different because you still have, like, the artist's hand, the same thing you were talking about, like creating music. And so even though we're using these tools, there's still a human value in the way that the puzzle pieces come together, and I think that that's something really special about where we are in this phase of AI creativity. Who knows? Like, we could come back and listen to this panel in a year and be like, oh, that was so wrong. Um, but right now where we are, like, it's the human element that's making the assembly of that puzzle still really interesting. Have you encountered any roadblocks, for example, creators or artists that, um, I mean, are afraid of proprietary rights or intellectual property? And how do you deal with them? Um, in terms of this is my creation versus, oh, this is what you are automating with your technology. I mean, first of all, I didn't realize that all the models, Adobe side were so ethically trained. So that's awesome to hear. Um, I think when it comes to the, the artists that that we're working with, um, at least what we've experienced upfront front is there is a big learning curve or hesitancy to creative or generative AI, because if you're an artist or creating something, you probably do see it as a threat. And it's a little freaky. Um, but I think it's more about like, how can we use and leverage these models to actually be a part of the workflow? And I think the production example is a great one at that, where you know, you're using this to give yourself or speed up a workflow in the creative process that's actually going to make your life creating your art a little bit easier. Um, but I think in terms of music and AI, like it's here and it's not going anywhere, I don't know how many of you know, but if you look at the number one country song this week, I was going to ask you about that, literally an AI generated song. So it's kind of like, are we getting on the boat that's leaving to new uncharted land? Or are we just sticking with the old times? So it's the Wild West right now, for sure. It's an earworm. Yeah. No, it's it's solid. It's solid. Yeah. Thinking about where that boat is gonna get, um, looking to the future, like three to five years out, how do you think AI will fundamentally change how people discover, consume, interact with media? And is there something that scares you from that and what excites you from that issue? Um, I in terms of of how people are consuming and creating a general, I'm hoping we get to a place of hyper personalization. So, you know, whatever app you're using, the experience within that app Actually looks completely different than, like if Heather was popping in there. If Chloe was popping in there. And I think that actually becomes really powerful over time as these systems continue to learn who you are and what you like. But the big question mark for myself is how do you build those proper guardrails so that the actual models themselves aren't throwing opinions on you, and rather you're dictating the, uh, the actual model itself? And there was a really interesting, uh, blog post by someone from Wacom. I forget exactly who wrote it, but they were saying actually the the most user friendly way to, uh, to let AI do what it does best is to actually expose your system prompts to the user. Now, from a product perspective, is that the right thing? Tbdp actually think it's a really interesting idea to let people who are using your product dictate the prompt itself into what is like this magical AI that the consumer normally doesn't see. And there's probably some product pieces that people haven't thought about or built yet that can tailor that, uh, to be more consumable. Yeah. I think one of the trends that I'm very interested in, which is closer on the three range than the five range, is just the the future of sort of workflows and UI and visual design. Like if I think about the last three years, the amount of time and you're saying like design reviews, right? The amount of time that we think about the user interface of the product, making it really easy for discoverability, someone to find this button and then this button and then edit a video, create a graphic, edit their text, etc. that was a majority of head space of a product management, design and engineering team. Looking back the last five years, looking ahead into the next five years. Think about if your entire interface is a chatbot like you. It's like that's all you have. That's all you need. That actually completely changes where you spend your energy and your focus as a product team that it's around guessing exactly what people want when they're putting into that chat experience and ensuring that you have all those agents and everything is still there under the hood. And it's way more powerful than you can ever imagine. But all a user has to do is speak to it or type in. I think that's a really interesting thought exercise. It's something that we do a lot on our end. And what I was talking to leapfrog earlier, those are the big decisions that we make in the short term is there's two completely parallel paths that you could take right now to product development. One is the, you know, keep going the road completely manually, or the other one is just going completely authentically and conversationally. And this is this is the year of transition from from one to the other. And by even the end of this year into early next year, more and more of your experiences are going to go completely into the other way. And that's whether that's happening on mobile. It's a huge opportunity on web across the board. That's one that I'm, I'm really excited about for helping anyone be creative, helping us work more quickly, um, and creating whatever we can imagine. And if I can build on that and also kind of wrap this up a little bit as we're thinking about like career advice, I think for me as a manager and somebody who's working with so many inputs from other teams, we're in this situation now where we're using a lot of AI in their own workflows, and there's a lot of work slop. There is a lot of like really crummy, like template emails you can tell, like ChatGPT wrote them. And synopsis is that you can tell like AI wrote. And so I think one of the really exciting things and if you think about like, what's the value of an MBA here today, it's the judgment, it's the critical thinking, it's the EQ that you are all bringing to where you use your GPT, use your whatever as a partner, sort of an intellectual partner to do some of the heavy lifting, but then you provide the wrapper on top that helps Chloe think differently about like, actually, yeah, let's just get rid of the whole timeline editing concept and let's jump straight to this. And so I think that's like the really exciting intersection that's happening now for the way that we're working with AI is where we providing that judgment and really still keeping our fingers on the keyboard to make sure that the output is something that like, is, you know, work that we're proud of too. Yeah. And one other thing that I'm very excited about to to build on that is that idea that being so simple at the top layer means that you can connect anything across the board at the bottom. Like, I think that that's so fun. Like across us is different companies. You can kind of get rid of some of those barriers and be like, okay, you want to access this workflow from this tool here, but then go immediately into this other workflow from here and like seamlessly, you know, across all all of our products. Like that part is really exciting from a consumer perspective. And then it forces us to be able to work work better together. So that's also a really interesting trend. Yeah. One one other quick piece for food for thought is like next three to five years. All of this has started from natural language with ChatGPT opening up to the public, which obviously has become extremely successful. And I think chat has been the winner in the space so far, but it's still up for debate product wise, if that's actually the best way to interact with some of these models. And like if you haven't checked out Whisper Flow for sure, check it out. They're kind of pushing the boundary in terms of just like, like voice prompting in general. And I've found it really fun to like, pop in with whisper flow in cursor, and then you're just talking in real time, building stuff out. It's pretty, pretty mind blowing to see where where things are headed. So we come to our final know that question. This is a great time for you to keep weighing in and upvoting the question from the audience. And just to finalize with career advice, if you are graduating today, what are some of the skills or experiences that someone who wants to break into media, into a product role at a company like YouTube, Apple, or Adobe will need. I think the two biggest things that come to mind, uh, for myself, are one focusing on an area that you're hyper passionate about, um, and then two, leveraging the the tools that exist today. So and that's more so for the product space. But I think on the passion point kind of point one, like you guys are all in a very unique position that you're probably thinking about your next role and figuring out what it is you want to be spending your time on, and you're not necessarily stuck in this confined position. So I would say think very deeply about what it is that you do want to be spending your time on, whether that's building a company, like, is that a space that you really care about, or is it if you're going to, you know, more of a big tech company, what are they building and working towards? Like get hyper selective because you do have a bit of that, that luxury right now. And if you care about it, it'll show up. And then two, like talking about the tools, I would say the biggest things that at least I try and look for with product folks are product sense. So like what's your intuition like in terms of designing things and, and building out actual product product execution, like how are you planning on tracking success for this thing and actually bringing it to life? And then beyond that, just like your ability to ship and with the kind of the democratization of not only the models, but being able to code and build things that solve real problems. I would say like hack on projects, even if you're not technical, like it's so easy to go in and create a repo and just begin making something cool that you can showcase and like. The most tangible example is if you have your resume like download cursor, toss your resume in, and just build a resume website. Like that's an awesome first step of showing your product sense and your product execution. That goes a really long way. Yeah, I can build and share some sort of tactical things. And when we're talking about some sort of Haas classes before this, is that some, some of the skill sets that, um, those of you at Haas and beyond are developing right now that are just will always be crucial is like the Entrepreneurial mindset and entrepreneurial iterative thinking. It's like more than ever, everyone within an organization, anyone in product, has to be thinking that way. And you know, the class, the class that I took was Lean Launchpad. There's a lot of other different ones now, but those type of classes that put you in real life scenarios, you're launching real products, you're working with real companies, and you have to iterate so quickly every single week, decide what's working, decide what's not working, and then change and then start again the next week. Decide what's working. Decide what's not working. Like, that's the spirit that you bring into the workforce right now. And we value so much people that can think incredibly quickly on their feet and be able to change based on what they're learning, are very curious. Exactly. As you said, Michael and I absolutely love the space and and can communicate that with phenomenal Christmas at every single level, whether it's upward to executives working with your engineers and research partners and data scientists. And and it was classes like that where you have to iterate every week and then present back your learnings in a very crisp way that I thought, like most accurately represented what it's like now to be in the workforce and generally what it's like to be a product manager. And I would just layer on that, like coming in, having a point of view in an interview, having a point of view when you're talking with people at a company about the work that they're doing, whether it's right or wrong, some of us are still figuring it out together. Um, applying really critical judgment and acting like an owner are the things that like, for me, when I'm looking at building out teams that I care about and I think are things that you all are learning here in spades, that are because so much of our work now has become table stakes of what AI can do for us. The analysis, the, you know, synthesize these five points and takeaways, like all of that now is table stakes. And so there's an opportunity for you to really just do more critical thinking and position yourself as an owner. That's great. Um, so we'll have a couple of minutes left. Let's do, like, a rapid fire with some of the Q&A from the audience. So there's so many tools coming up, coming out every day. Um, the TikTok for whatever. Um, but there's still some gaps in the market. What do you think is still missing from your point of view? Oh, that's a tough fire. Uh, quick question. Um, I think something that is still missing is our the human elements in terms of, um, some of these generative models meaning more so, like looking at Sora and, uh, things like Suno. They're really cool and and awesome and mind blowing to see kind of what they can produce. But I think even if you spend a little bit of time on Sora, um, at least for myself, it hasn't been super sticky just because that feeling that all of it is AI generated kind of doesn't pull me all the way in. Um, and I think there's gonna have to be some form of blending between the human nature aspects, um, of just life in general, and then also what AI is creating. Um, but again, that's my opinion. I think one really complicated thing that we have to figure out is likeness, and the way that you can protect your likeness and what you're doing with your likeness. I have two little kids, and I am terrified of, like, what pictures of them are going into any generative models like. And hopefully not. Um, but like that is a real unknown territory for us as we're going forward, especially as we're thinking about exchanges between apps and platforms like that's very unknown right now. I'm like, well, we get to a point where we label likeness the same way that we label like organic eggs, I don't know, but like right now it's it's very gray area. Yeah. I would say, uh, you know, if you're looking for for gaps in the market to fill and this is actually relevant in terms of any new technology, is that it'll start kind of in the more traditional technology sectors, right, which is the the jobs that we all have. But if you're thinking about what are the industries out there that could leverage and be automated through AI that I hasn't touched yet? Like it's like, all right, let's go talk to the legal industry. Let's go talk to the shipping industry. Like and that those are the areas where you could find amazing white space and new opportunities. Um, and then I'd say one of the things that I'm we're worried about, we don't know the future of, is around regulation in this space as well. Right? Things are moving really quickly. We're able to move really fast because regulation isn't keeping up. But then there could be there could be things that come in in the future that just completely changes, which could be for the better, right? But can completely change it in terms of where we can push the boundaries as companies. Thank you so much for being here today and please give it up for.