Connie & Kevin Chou Hall

00:00:00 Speaker: So Ben of course. So let's start with AI because you kind of tell us about how box sees the future of work with AI agents. Sure. And, uh, definitely happy to be here again. I did, uh, I went to school at Berkeley and then did a minor for a while in Haas. And so that was, uh. It's always fun to be. I remember going to these kind of events when I was in school. So I'm super happy to, to be here. Um, so, uh, in general, in the sort of technology world and the software world. And so you would consider box to be like a Silicon Valley esque kind of firm that was kind of lived in that, in that area. Um, one of the things that we always have to do is to make sure that we are keeping up with the technology and the trends, and, and there's been no more dominant trend than AI in the past three or four years. Um, and it's interesting that you kind of almost have to go back to like, the birth of the internet or maybe the birth of mobile. But like in terms of having people, uh, have to deal with this dramatic change that technology drives into everything that we do. Um, and so I was in school in two thousand and one, and this was the dot com era. And I and I see a lot of parallels from right now with AI compared to back then, in terms of how the idea of AI is changing everything about how everybody works. And even though people are still trying to figure out exactly what that means, there's a very broad agreement that things will absolutely change in one way or another going forward. And so at box, our whole life is is unstructured data. Our whole life is content files. Um, and it you know, most people when they're working with things like, uh, I suspect eighty or ninety percent of what you guys deal with is data is actually word docs and presentations and, and research papers and internet and emails and so on. And so all of these would be unstructured data. It doesn't exist in a structured database. And so historically this has always been very challenging for computers to deal with. Um, like you typically need to structure it first and then apply machine learning algorithms and things like that. But now, for the first time, the latest generative AI models. And when I'm talking about AI, I'm always thinking about generative AI and sort of transformer large language model style. It now can work directly on, um, things that people think about images, audio, video, text. Um, and this has really, really changed everything because then for the first time, for enterprises, our customers said usually we sell to large enterprises. They're thinking about how AI can not just do these, um, you know, historically use technology to apply to different areas. But now every enterprise is thinking, how can I either augment what my people are doing in my organization or in some cases, do things differently than I've ever done before? Because now a computer can understand the stuff that it used to require a person can understand. And so that fundamental premise and change has made the world of unstructured data dramatically change. Yeah. Could you kind of share about what that actually means for one of your customers? Yeah. So, um, so a typical organization of box would be like they'd get boxed in a company. And so we deal with large enterprises. So think about like large companies. They have fifty thousand people, they have three hundred thousand people or whatever. And they need to share things. They need to store their data. They need to make sure it's secure, compliant. Some of the stuff that are in these files are some of their most important secrets, their most important plans, their financial analysis and so on. And so then what they need to do is be able to share it and store it and collaborate and view it and all the normal things that box historically has done content management. And then now you can have AI help you write it, help you understand it, help you to find it, help you analyze it and research it. And again, these were things that a few years ago, nobody would even have imagined would be possible because the technology is fundamentally didn't exist. So like today, it's very common to have AI look through all of your data and structure it like take the data out and say, oh, this is a set of contracts or a set of research proposals or a set of of um, life Sciences reports. I'm going to pull out the most important information, or I'm going to analyze it, or I'm going to help you, uh, deduce and rationalize some of the key things associated with it. And again, this requires to require a subject matter expert human. But now these AI models kind of operate in the world of like PhDs in multiple topics. And they can just do an awful lot for you, which you then it's different for every industry. It's different every vertical. It's different for every, uh, region. But they all basically use them to understand and to, uh, help you utilize your content today. And that's kind of the world I have to live in. Yeah, definitely. So I think a lot of MBA students usually go off to pursue roles in strategy, biz ops, product. Um, what are some ways you think agents will be used by those kinds of roles and maybe, you know, five, ten years? I'm kind of I assume everybody here has heard about AI agents, right? Like, so how many of you have used something that you've considered to be an AI agent in the last one week? Okay, am I in kind of curious, is the definition that you had in your head about what an AI agent is? But, um, but I think that in general, um, like you absolutely will be working with more AI agents in the future. And I think, um, regardless of exactly the role that takes, that will probably be continue to be true going forward. And I'm pretty sure that, um, uh, even after a lot of changes, there will be people who are better and people who are not as good about using AI agents. I almost think of it like management skills, like, um, like at some point, probably every single person will be managing AI agents. They will have to get them to do work. They'll have to get them to, to have to figure out if they did the right thing. They'll have to be responsible for it. Um, and, uh, is anybody here a programmer? Okay. Um, and I assume those people raise your hand. Does anybody here use genetic programming with cursor, with cloud code, with anything? Yeah. Um, so I think for people who don't program, you may have missed the idea in the last couple really months or maybe six to twelve months, which is the whole way that people program has dramatically changed for, uh, it used to be you had to write yourself and then and then and then when AI came out, it would help you complete little functions. And that was super useful. And that was dramatic. I can't believe it does this. This is like when I was in school. I remember it was like one day maybe, but probably not. This is really hard. Um, and then now a typical programmer, like there's a whole spectrum. So let's say the typical person who's on the bleeding edge of this, we'll get to work. They will kick off ten, maybe twenty agents to do things for them, and then they will spend the rest of their day figuring out, ah, this agent that did it wrong, that took thirty minutes and nope, like, cancel that, throw that away. Uh, revert the branch. And now like, oh, this one's good. Okay. Now continue down this path. And so whereas it used to be a really good programmer was very good at writing code. Uh, nowadays I think a really good programmer is very good at managing agents to write good code. And it is a very different sort of rural and skill set. And so I think that what we're seeing today emerging, and it's all based upon the latest iterations of these, these agents that iterate, that think longer, that use tools that are very effective at programming. I think you'll start to see that everywhere. In which case, you know, good question on how jobs evolve and everything else. But probably the thing that you'll need to do to be effective employee or effective leader of places is to get really good at that. Also, you should be very good at managing agents. And if you're like are doesn't do what I say. It's I tried it doesn't work or like something that somebody else said works doesn't work for me. Probably that means that you're not spending enough time with whatever these AI agents, either building them or using it for a platform or whatever. But like that probably then is something that will affect, uh, future employability in different ways. So I would very much encourage you to kind of embrace the fact that this world is changing a lot and get good at it. It's almost like in the, um, uh, I'm going to continue to date myself, but like there was a world before Google was well known and like some people who knew Google really well, were like, you'd get them to search stuff for you. You get them to find things, and then and then those people are very valuable. Like you would find people for organizations who are really good at finding data. And nowadays, of course, everybody, everybody is good at it. But like, this is I think the real brand is that using AI agents is actually a weird skill that not everybody has figured out yet. I mean, like managing a person with emotions or reactions. That's different from managing an agent who doesn't have that. But like, what are some maybe overlooked nuances between the two? Um, like, uh, so there's a lot of philosophical questions in addition to fun questions in there, but don't forget that what the way that these AI models work is, their job is to sort of predict what are the stuff that they read would have done. So they read the whole internet, they read every book, they read everything. They were trained on all this. And the way that it worked was they they would block out like sections of text or things and be like, have the AI model predict what would have fit in there. And then they got really good at predicting things. So interestingly, managing a person is weirdly similar to managing agents because like if you want a person to be managed well and to get more out of them, you give them better guidance. You give them better objectives. In an AI term like you describe better the background. Like at some point if you get an AI agent, you tell it to do something and it comes back to you as something wrong. Like, I mean, you don't have to get where if it gets mad at you or whatever, but like, it's probably you might have just told it poorly and you can use the same techniques and be like like using please is actually an interesting thing that that used to change the way the models work, like, like telling a given a background like. And it turns out that if you give it really stupid instructions, it'll give you a stupid result, because it's like, it must be like what? The kind of thing I know how to talk to people like you. And so if you give it really sophisticated, like, like, like instructions, it'll give you sophisticated outputs. And then of course, the models are improving to like, solve some of these things. But like this is part of the way that, um, you start to learn to manage these agents. And again, like, there's nothing better I can tell you other than to try to get it to do something like if I'm if I'm telling you, I think it's in many cases certainly graduate level, maybe master's level, PhD level and a lot of topics. Can you get it to do something? And if you're like, no, it doesn't. I don't believe that's true. Like GPT five one now or Gemini three or anthropic four or five or whatever. Like the good models, like the frontier ones. Like if you can't get it to do something that you want it to like, then probably you're not managing it properly. Is it almost, you know, micromanagers are the ones that will succeed in the future with agents. I mean, I think that that you might you might actually go through this world where, like, micromanagers are like in, um, in the classes I took when I was at class a long time ago. Like, like, like I think you would learn it in social, behavioral organizational theory is like you would, um, there's pros and cons to these different approaches. One of the big bonuses of micromanaging agents is that you, um, they don't get mad at you, that's for sure. They're very nice. And so then you can actually get a lot out of them. Okay, so now I may make you very busy, but that's probably a good thing in that, like, like most people can get more work done with managing agents than they can themselves because the agents turn out to work about ten or one hundred times faster than you in terms of their output. Okay, cool. Um, I'd love to transition to your career path, but if you do have any more specific questions, feel free to weigh in on our Slido. So I think many of us here are trying to figure out whether we want to go big tech or more scrappy startup. Do you believe in the concept that a person is either a big tech person or a startup person? So I've had the benefit of my career to, um, have worked at a small company. Uh, and then I got acquired. So I, I was employee number seven down the street at a company called Big Fix. Got acquired by IBM. At that time, we were at four hundred people and then went to four hundred thousand, then left that later and started a company from scratch and then got acquired into a mid-sized company box, about two thousand people. So I've got a chance to see it all. Um, and I actually remember, um, when I was in school, I was at an event like this and somebody was asked some similar question, and they said. And the answer was, there's only two types of people big company and small company. And you're not both. And I remember when I got acquired by IBM, I was like, remember that? And I was like, no, I'm going to. That seems like a stupid thing to say. I'm gonna I'm gonna try this. And so I spent four years at IBM, and I remember that, like that response actually changed my life in a way, I would say. I remember thinking about it all the time, and I stayed IBM longer. And I'm not sure if you guys have found anything in any of these sessions that will change your life going forward, but I kind of hope so. Um, but it is very, very true that there's a huge difference between working in a small company and working at a big company. No doubt. And, um, uh, and some people will thrive in one and not the other. And and some people can't thrive in the other one, even if they're good at the other one. Um, is anybody here in a small company or starting a company? Yeah. Okay. So it is a good time to, to start companies. Uh, but, um, I would say that, um, like, when you're in a big company, you have many people working towards a very big goal. It's almost like a bunch of people like moving a giant object somewhere. And when you're in a small company, you have tons of flexibility about that. You're moving smaller things. Um, and then, uh, you might like one of those better than the other one from a personality perspective. In addition to you might really struggle with, um, in a small company like it is a lonely world in charge of a small company, even if you have best friends founders, which I did. Uh, and at the same time, it's incredibly frustrating when you're in a bigger company if you're not in charge of your destiny. And so I think that it's a little bit more of, what do you want in this point of your life and what do you want to do? And most people, I would say you have to try it because you don't quite know until you're in the middle of it which ones are good or bad. So which one do you consider yourself? I consider myself to be a small company person, and I will, uh, but, um, so I love working with small companies and I love advising them, and I love, uh, everything about it. I said that it's incredibly hard. Um, it is one of the harder things I've ever done is to be in a small company, especially if you're the founder of it. So I don't miss the stress associated with that. I don't miss the it's a different stress when you're a bigger company. But like it's you have to realize that nobody can prepare you for how hard it is to be in a small company in the midst of so much. It's just a it's a crazy world. Yeah, I'm sure there's kind of a great metaphor of, you know, many people pushing one big rock versus, you know, many small rocks having to be pushed by everyone. Okay. Um, I mean, also on the topic of like, entrepreneurship, everyone says it's easier than ever to start a company. Um, thanks to Gen AI and Low-code. Um, and the barrier to entry is so much lower. But of course, at the same time, you could also say it's never been harder because there is so much noise. Yes. If you were yeah. If you're starting over today, how would you kind of cut through that noise and build something that really lasts? I um, the thing that you mentioned, I hope, is general wisdom, but it's very true because, um, today you're it is so much better to start a company than it ever had been before. Not only can you, is it is it, give you more productive because you need less? Because if you use AI, well, it just solves so many problems. But also everything is changing. And so like especially if you're an enterprise world or, or even with consumers, like everybody's open to new things way more than they were three years ago. Like like imagine you a few years ago, you had the best database company in the world or something like today. People would be more willing to talk to you than they were before because every every organization, tons of money, tons of like open sales deals will be like, I'm going to change. So you seem like you're different. And so there's an opportunity for many, many small companies. Um, and so, uh, definitely true. The problem is, is that everybody knows that. And so now there's so many people doing everything. And, um, and it's almost a joke, which is, uh, I mean, if I reflect back to the mobile days, like, like today, if you're like, I want to make a mobile app or not today, like before, um, like, and then at some point you search for it and you'll find it because somebody made every single mobile app, like there's five of every one of them you would ever imagine. And I think that's true today. Like, no matter what I do, you have like there's probably somebody out there doing it in. And then. So then the trick is, is that you'll have to be better than all of them, because many of these places are, you know, there's not a giant, uh, you know, you don't anticipate getting tons of entrants in some of these areas. You participate a little bit more of a winner takes all or a top five takes all. So then you have to just be prepared for this idea of, um, the chance of you succeeding. Very high can is I mean, you just if there's ten people doing it, like, what's your chances of somewhere around ten percent or maybe hopefully more if you're, if you're better than they are, but like, um, but it is a challenge. Yeah. Um, and I'm kind of curious, like, what does it mean? I don't know how many of us have the technical skill to be CTOs in the future, but what is the role kind of mean today, and how do you think the role has evolved and will continue to evolve? Yeah, I think if you ever meet a CTO, you should just have no idea what they do because it's um, it's very different for different companies. Um, for me, um, so a box is a technology company, a technology company which is considered one of the best, most fun things out there. Other CTOs might be like a non-technology company. I, um, you know, like somebody, somebody asked once, like my CTO buys the laptops. Is that what you do? And, uh, no, I mean, it's an important role, but like, uh, so my job is to, uh, make sure that we have the right technology foundations, the right platforms. We're building a product in the right way that will solve the future, the problem of today and in the future and right now is honestly one of the most challenging times I've ever experienced in terms of, like, it used to be, like we'd make a decision to use this, this database service or invest in this kind of infrastructure approach. And over the last five years, ten years, um, you know, we have very large infrastructure. Um, but, um, nowadays that you might have to reevaluate every six months. And certainly in the world of AI, like what is an AI agent? What is an AI model, what's the best model, how do they work? What are the paradigms about how agentic, uh, building. Like you can't go wrong. Six months between changes. I think there's been fifteen major new models that have been released of the frontier model in the last twelve months, and arguably every one of those was the most, um, intelligent piece of software ever created. Maybe the most, the most impressive piece of engineering that's ever existed in the history of civilization. And there was fifteen of them last year. Like, you kind of need to keep up, but even doing that is hard. What is you know, everybody know that GPT five one came out. Does anybody know that the difference between anthropic sonic four point five versus four point zero, like these are the kind of things that are constantly changing you have to keep up with? And so it's fun, but it is also a challenge. Yeah, we actually have an audience Q&A also kind of on the theme of AI speed. How do you advise boxes customers to have AI agility, especially when the company is, you know, large, complex, maybe multi-generational? Um, so how do we advise our customers on the how to how to how to kind of cultivate and keep up with that speed and agility of AI. My advice for them would be to say, um, maybe they can keep up. Um, because, you know, many companies have, uh, people who are dedicated to keeping up, but it turns out to be very hard, and many people will try to build stuff themselves. And because they can, because it's easier to build something yourself today than it ever has been. Um, but my, my advice would be, don't do that. Buy a company, invest in a vendor and a service and a SaaS company and a platform and a technology that will do that for you, because the the constant right now is the rate of change in most big organizations don't like that. They don't like things changing constantly. So at box we would tell everybody, like, if you care about unstructured data and you care about AI and you want it to be safe and secure and compliant and and easy to find your information and easy to analyze and so on. That's box. There's plenty of great ways out there to do other types of data, um, different platforms. There's there's platforms that do CRM systems and HR systems. There's there's ways to secure your data. And so but I would think that both the small companies and the big companies in the world, in terms of what they're offering, AI based services, big companies should say, I would rather invest in that company and buy something they ought to offer me, rather than trying to do it all myself. And so in general, invest in enterprise platforms is usually how I would talk to them about it. Yeah, it does seem like, you know, the element of partnership too, between IT vendor and company, customer will become so much more important. Okay. Um, as we kind of near the end, I'd love to end on a quick rapid fire round of questions. I'll ask a question, you give an answer, and if you don't want to, you don't have to provide any explanation or context needed, but we'll see how it goes. So what percent of enterprise AI pilots are failing right now? I would guess most by far. Um, but but but before you read too far into that, um, I think most projects fail. Like, what's the base rate of success of large projects? I think most technology projects fail like people are still struggling to implement. So, or to get the web page to change or all these things. So like, I think when people look and they're like, oh, AI projects are failing, this is terrible. Like all projects often fail. And then what you need to do is try again. And so this rapidly changing world, like it's not I don't think it's a bad thing at all. If to see that like enterprises are failing to get their first iteration off the ground. So I suspect the key question is after they try again, and then how is their success rate going forward? Okay, cool. Um, what AI trends should every MBA student be watching today? AI agents are the thing that that will fundamentally using the power of AI models and objective instructions and a sort of autonomous style agent, I think is a trend that will be very much powering all of our futures for a while. Is there a bubble around AI? Are we in a bubble? I mean, the definition of bubble will matter here quite a bit. I do believe people are quite aware of the pros and cons. I do think that everybody is believing that, and I believe that trillion dollar companies are certainly like Decacorn style of, of like huge companies are being born today. And then everybody wants to be part of those. They want to invest in those. They want to see those go. So there's I think there's an optimism that is definitely changing some of the normal ways you value things. And some people will interpret that as a bubble. And to that extent, I completely believe it. At the same time, I do think there is a healthy amount of skepticism that maybe keeps it from a traditional definition of bubble. Very healthy, nuanced. Take, um, do you have a hot take on AI, though? Um, I think that, like AI, security is something that not everybody has fully understood. Did anybody read the anthropic misalignment paper by any chance? This anthropic misalignment insider threat paper. It's the scariest thing that you'll ever read. It's about they just set up an agent to like here's your objective. And then and then that agent went crazy in like and like it. It decided to blackmail people and have all the challenges. So it's reproducible. So a misaligned agent and or a poisoned agent or a prompt ejected agent are very dangerous. And I think that this is an area which multiple great startups that are working on this, in addition to like, um, people who are solving this problem. But it's like agents can go can do in the same way. They're so powerful, they can get so much more fun. They can do bad things. And I suspect that this is going to be something that's going to the whole industry in including this is a big part of my thoughts, and my job is to make sure that we don't suffer those kind of problems that I think AI agents in general will start to suffer from. And this is another question from Q&A. But do you see ROI from AI trending going towards bigger companies and like more consolidation or smaller companies or decentralization? Um, I think it's it's interesting. It could be U-shaped or a mixture of both. But like more than any other thing I've ever seen in the last twenty years is, um, every single big company only wants to talk about AI with anybody who they talk to. And so that means they're all interested. They're all ready. They're all available. And it wasn't like that all the time. Like, um, you know, mobile came out not not everybody was like, I need a mobile thing like, that took a long time or or even in the days of, like, getting the internet at the beginning of cloud or the beginning of these other trends. And so, um, but not all of them are good at it. Um, yet, uh, many companies that are change averse struggle to change. Um, and so I think that right now there's a lot of big companies have fully embraced, have a lot of resources to invest in AI and things are going well. There's a lot of small companies that are just naturally without having to deal with bureaucracy or challenges or, you know, security approvals and compliance certifications are dealing with AI very well. Um, and so and I think what will happen, um, is kind of in the Crossing the Chasm style is that, um, you'll see a lot of like a bigger lump in the beginning, the early people trying it. But then once things start to work, well, they're like, I think a lot of people will very quickly cross the chasm and into the world of like, what average working. Everybody will very quickly funnel. And and this is, I think, why everything's valued so high. Is that like, if you have a chance to be one of those, like, this is the way that we do this new style of an internal enterprise or like a way we do coding or the way we do support or the way we do like these kind of high scale, high, high value markets. There's just a huge amount of opportunity. Is it almost like there's a barbell effect where, you know, there's going to be like very, very small startups and then also big giants that can throw a lot of money at it. And and for us, this has been changing, I think, lately. Um, there was like a round of AI where like, everybody was involved and then you start to see some bigger companies like didn't keep changing, like they, they kind of like for a moment like paused and were like, like Microsoft was a leader early on in, um, in GitHub copilot and GitHub copilot is still a good product. Um, I'm not sure about it, but at the same time, like, like most people who are trying to predict this would not have predicted that cursor would have come out and been like this really amazing coding tool. Not a lot of people have predicted that, that, like, Claude could somehow could have been gone from zero to I forget the revenue, but something very significant and measured, um, many zeros of like of of taking over this market. Like, these are things that are happening like, um, against some predictions because they're even if when these big companies have a lead, in some cases, they are not necessarily keeping up in some cases. And that's, that's where some of the small company opportunities come from. I mean, looking at the AI startup landscape right now to are there any startups that you're particularly excited about that you think will be the next rocket ship, as was mentioned again and again in our previous panel? Yes. So there's a lot of great ones. But I do honestly believe, though, that it's everything's changing so rapidly that predictions are very hard. Like there's an awful lot like so, um, I think there's things that that matter overall. Like I'm a big fan of the idea of investing in platforms for the future of things, and then you start to see companies that are keeping up. Is, is the, um, and they're doing a good job in the enterprise world. And so then I would say, like at a high level companies that two years ago were doing AI stuff a year ago, starting to talk about agents now have really good agents. Like those are the kind of style of what you would say those companies are keeping up. Sounds like something you should put into your, um, into ChatGPT to ask what kind of startups to, you know, look for the jobs for that. Um, and I guess more for the aspiring entrepreneurs in the room, is there like a call for startups that you'd like to share with us? Um, I mean, problem spaces. Yeah. Like, I I'll just go back to, like, um, the I don't think there's any unexplored area of startups, um, from any, any anything. That is an interesting idea. There's going to be somebody there. So I think that the key is if you're going to make or join or create a startup, is that you need to make sure that you're the best in that area and that. And so there's no I don't think of it as like a people don't realize that this is happening. There's there are people are realizing it. It's just a matter of which one is the best in that area. All right, then, I think that wraps up.